suffix=j2sdk1.3-blackdown
j2se_base="/usr/lib/$suffix"

if [ ! -e "$j2se_base/debian/info" ]; then
    exit 0
fi

# alternative <program>
function program_alternative() {
    local program="$1"
    update-alternatives \
	--remove "$program" "$j2se_base/bin/$program"
}

program_alternative appletviewer
program_alternative extcheck
program_alternative HtmlConverter
program_alternative idlj
program_alternative j2sdk-config
program_alternative jar
program_alternative jarsigner
program_alternative java
program_alternative javac
program_alternative javadoc
program_alternative javah
program_alternative javap
program_alternative JavaPluginControlPanel
program_alternative java-rmi.cgi
program_alternative jdb
program_alternative keytool
program_alternative native2ascii
program_alternative policytool
program_alternative rmic
program_alternative rmid
program_alternative rmiregistry
program_alternative serialver
program_alternative tnameserv

# derive the architecture-specific 
# directory for the plugin
arch_dir="$(dpkg --print-architecture)"

# assemble the plugin path
plugin_dir="$j2se_base/plugin/$arch_dir"

# netscape
update-alternatives \
    --remove "netscape-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/netscape4/javaplugin.so"

# mozilla
update-alternatives \
    --remove "mozilla-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/mozilla/javaplugin_oji.so"

# firefox
update-alternatives \
    --remove "firefox-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/mozilla/javaplugin_oji.so"
