suffix=j2sdk1.4-ibm
j2se_base="/usr/lib/$suffix"
priority=314

if [ ! -e "$j2se_base/debian/info" ]; then
    exit 0
fi

# alternative <program>
function program_alternative() {
    local program="$1"
    cat >/usr/bin/$program-$suffix <<EOF
#! /bin/sh
exec $j2se_base/bin/$program \${1+"\$@"}
EOF
    chmod 755 /usr/bin/$program-$suffix
    update-alternatives \
        --install "/usr/bin/$program" "$program" \
        "/usr/bin/$program-$suffix" "$priority"
}

program_alternative appletviewer
program_alternative extcheck
program_alternative HtmlConverter
program_alternative idlj
program_alternative jar
program_alternative jarsigner
program_alternative java
program_alternative javac
program_alternative javadoc
program_alternative javah
program_alternative javap
program_alternative java-rmi.cgi
program_alternative javaw
program_alternative jdb
program_alternative jformat
program_alternative keytool
program_alternative native2ascii
program_alternative policytool
program_alternative rmic
program_alternative rmid
program_alternative rmiregistry
program_alternative serialver
program_alternative tnameserv

# the plugin is only available for i386 architecture

if [ $(dpkg --print-architecture) = i386 ] ; then

    # assemble the plugin path
    plugin_dir="$j2se_base/jre/bin"

    # netscape
    netscape_dir="/usr/lib/netscape/plugins-libc6"
    [ -d "$netscape_dir" ] || install -d -m 755 "$netscape_dir"
    update-alternatives \
        --install "$netscape_dir/libjavaplugin.so" \
            "netscape-javaplugin.so" \
            "$plugin_dir/libjavaplugin_oji.so" "$priority"

    # mozilla
    mozilla_dir="/usr/lib/mozilla/plugins"
    [ -d "$mozilla_dir" ] || install -d -m 755 "$mozilla_dir"
    update-alternatives \
        --install "$mozilla_dir/libjavaplugin.so" \
            "mozilla-javaplugin.so" \
            "$plugin_dir/libjavaplugin_ojigcc3.so" "$priority"

    # firefox
    firefox_dir="/usr/lib/mozilla-firefox/plugins"
    [ -d "$firefox_dir" ] || install -d -m 755 "$firefox_dir"
    update-alternatives \
        --install "$firefox_dir/libjavaplugin.so" \
            "firefox-javaplugin.so" \
            "$plugin_dir/libjavaplugin_ojigcc3.so" "$priority"

fi
