suffix=j2sdk1.4-ibm
j2se_base="/usr/lib/$suffix"

if [ ! -e "$j2se_base/debian/info" ]; then
    exit 0
fi

# alternative <program>
function program_alternative() {
    local program="$1"
    update-alternatives \
        --remove "$program" "/usr/bin/$program-$suffix"
    rm "/usr/bin/$program-$suffix"
}

program_alternative appletviewer
program_alternative extcheck
program_alternative HtmlConverter
program_alternative idlj
program_alternative jar
program_alternative jarsigner
program_alternative java
program_alternative javac
program_alternative javadoc
program_alternative javah
program_alternative javap
program_alternative java-rmi.cgi
program_alternative javaw
program_alternative jdb
program_alternative jformat
program_alternative keytool
program_alternative native2ascii
program_alternative policytool
program_alternative rmic
program_alternative rmid
program_alternative rmiregistry
program_alternative serialver
program_alternative tnameserv

# the plugin is only available for i386 architecture
if [ $(dpkg --print-architecture) = i386 ] ; then

    # assemble the plugin path
    plugin_dir="$j2se_base/jre/bin"

    # netscape
    update-alternatives \
        --remove "netscape-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/libjavaplugin_oji.so"

    # mozilla
    update-alternatives \
        --remove "mozilla-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/libjavaplugin_ojigcc3.so"

    # firefox
    update-alternatives \
        --remove "firefox-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/libjavaplugin_ojigcc3.so"

fi
